MTM-63541 document changes to applications by user (#3628)
Cumulocity-IoT/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-2025-263-0-fix-application-by-user-drop-overwritten-apps.md

---

> date: '2025-07-31'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 
```

> title: Improved URL encoding in self-links

Reviewer: The title does not match the description.

> title: Fix application by user with dropOverwrittenApps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Improved querying applications by user with dropOverwrittenApps
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-OG_650_b2
    label: Core platform
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-63992
version: 2025.247.0
---

> When querying applications by user with `dropOverwrittenApps` set to `true` results will be filtered out by all applications that are overwritten by the tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When querying applications by user with `dropOverwrittenApps` set to `true`, all applications that are overwritten by the tenant will now be filtered out from the result.
```

> The filtering will include applications that the user is not subscribed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The filtering includes applications to which the user is not subscribed.
```

> For example: User U is subscribed to hosted application A from parent tenant and that application is overwritten on the tenant of user U by application A1. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example: User U is subscribed to the hosted application A from the parent tenant, and that application is overwritten on the tenant of user U by application A1. 
```

> Before the changes user would receive list of applications including A, after the changes user will not receive either A or A1.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before this change, the user received a list of applications including A. Now, the list neither includes A nor A1.  
```

> This change makes API behavior consistent with `/application/applications/<application_id>/manifest` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change makes the API behavior consistent with the `/application/applications/<application_id>/manifest` endpoint.
```
